{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20300\viewh11920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following six tab-delimited text files are included in this dryad repository and reflect the data used in Burghardt et al. \'93Fluctuating warm temperatures decrease the effect of a key floral repressor on flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana\'94. Details on each of the experiments can be found in the materials and methods section of that paper:\
Experiment1.txt\
Experiment2.txt\
Experiment3.txt\
Hypocotyl.txt\
Biomass_Bolt.txt\
Biomass_Age.txt\
\
Below are detailed descriptions of the columns in the data text files. Not all columns are relevant for all Experiments.\
\

\i Genotype: 
\i0 Plant genotype used in the experiment. Corresponds to supplemental table 1.\

\i Background: 
\i0 Detailed genetic background of genotype. One of --Col, Col FRI, Col-0, Col-1, Col-4,  Ler, Ler tt1, Ler-0\

\i Background.simple:
\i0  Simple accession background. One of --Col, Ler, or Col FRI \

\i Treatment:
\i0   Describes the combination of environmental factors exposed to the plants. Summarized in Figure 1B. One of--12ConLD, 12ConSD, 12VarLD, 12VarSD, 22ConLD, 22ConSD, 22VarLD, 22VarSD,  27ConLD or 27VarLD.\

\i Treatment.V:
\i0  Same as "Treatment" but with an NV or a V appended for "non-vernalized" or "vernalized" respectively.\

\i Chamber.ID:
\i0  The label for the chamber the plants were grown in. One of -- 2B, 2T, 3B, 3T, 4B, 4T, 5B, 5T, 6B, 6T, 7B, 7T\

\i Chamber.irradiance:  
\i0 Whether the chamber had slightly higher irradiance due to different chamber ages.\

\i Vernalization: 
\i0 Whether or not the plants were exposed to vernalization. See accompanying paper for details of length. One of V (vernalized) or NV (not vernalized)\

\i Daylength: 
\i0 Numeric variable indicating day length. Short days (8 hours of day light) or long days (16 hours of day light).\

\i Temperature: 
\i0 Numeric indicating average temperature plants experienced (cool-12C or warm-22C)\

\i Fluctuation:
\i0  Factor indicating whether plants experienced constant (Con) or fluctuating (Var) temperatures\

\i Survival.to.Bolt:
\i0  Binary variable indicating if plants survived to bolting (Y/N)\

\i Bolt:
\i0  Binary variable indicating if plants bolted by the time the Exp was terminated (Y/N). See details in paper about termination of each experiment.\

\i Days.to.Bolt: 
\i0 Numeric indicating days from seed sowing to bolting\

\i Days.to.Flower: 
\i0 Numeric indicating days from seed sowing to opening of first flower\

\i Rosette.leaf.num:
\i0  Numeric indicating the number of rosette leaves plants had when they bolted\

\i Cauline.leaf.num: 
\i0 Numeric indicating the number of cauline leaves plants had at flowering\

\i Blade.length.mm:
\i0  Numeric indicating the length of the longest leaf blade at bolting.\

\i Total.leaf.length.mm:
\i0  Numeric indicating the length of the longest leaf (blade + petiole) at bolting.\

\i Blade.ratio:
\i0  Blade.length.mm/Total.leaf.length.mm\

\i Hypocotyl.length.mm
\i0 : Numeric of hypocoytl length  in millimeters\

\i Leaf.Num.at.Measure
\i0 : Numeric indicating the number of leaves on seedlings when hypocotyl was measured\

\i weight.grams: 
\i0 Weight of aboveground, dried tissue sample in grams\

\i Replicate: 
\i0 Replicate ID\

\i Age: 
\i0 Days post germination when sample was weighed\

\i Num.Sample:
\i0  Number of plant individuals weighed. Divide weight.grams by this # to get weight of individuals. This number is only greater than one when plants are extremely tiny.\
\
\
}